How to use the COMPUTER LABORATORY RESERVATION SYSTEM 

1. Open login.html
Use any of these accounts to login:
        admin: '12345',
        yasmin_datario: '12345',
        vinnie_inocencio: '12345',
        anton_mendoza: '12345',
        charles_leclerc: '12345',
        john_doe: '12345'

2. Once logged in, you will be redirected to index.html or the website dashboard
3. Press the username on the navbar to see profile, see availability, reserve, or login
4. Freely explore the web application

HOW TO RESERVE 
1. Go to reserve from index.html, see availability, searching for date, and directly pressing "Reserve" from the username dropdown in the navigation bar
2. Choose a date and Laboratory
3. OPTIONAL: Anonymous button if you want to stay anonymous as the reservation owner
3.5. Admin needs to choose user they want to make the reservation for
4. Choose your seat and time slots (increments of 30 minutes)
5. Press "Confirm Reservation" 

HOW TO CANCEL RESERVATION
1. Hover over the reserved slot
2. If reservation is yours, a "Cancel" button will appear and pressing that will immediately cancel that reservation for the specific seat and time slot

HOW TO VIEW PROFILE OF RESERVATION OWNER 
1. Hover over the reserved slot
2. If reservation is not anonymous, pressing the "View Profile" button will take you to the profile of that user

HOW TO VIEW AVAILABILITY 
1. Go to "View Availability"
2. Select the date you want to view the seats available for
3. Press "Make a Reservation for Lab _" to be directed to the reservation proper with the fields filled in 

EDITING PROFILE
1. You can only edit your own profile
2. Select edit profile
3. Change Profile description
4. Save Changes
5. Changing the photo: "Edit Picture" which prompts you to select a photo and will immediately take effect 

SEARCHING PROFILES AND AVAILABLE SLOTS
1. Utilize search bar on Navigation Bar 
2. Perform your search by inputting the username and click the result to be directed to their public profile 
3. Perform your available slot seach by inputting the date (7 days including the current date) and pressing that will take you to reservation proper with date field filled in 